Mouse hepatitis virus, first isolated in 1949 and later classified as a coronavirus, is a highly contagious and ubiquitous virus of laboratory mice, which is enzootic in many mouse colonies throughout the world. It is of major concern to mouse breeders and biomedicai research workers. Though often subclinical, it can cause severe disease, and just as important, mouse coronavirus infection may greatly distort experimental results.
Many strains of mouse hepatitis virus have been isolated. All share cross-reacting antigens, but each possesses strain-specific antigenicity, with considerable overlap. However, serological or genetic relatedness is not a reliable predictor of biological behavior. Infection with different serotypes of the virus can cause hepatitis, encephalomyelitis, enteritis, and nephritis, the type and severity of the disease being dependent on the strain of virus and the age and strain of the mouse.
Some viral strains, transmitted by the respiratory route, usually cause illness associated with hepatitis and encephalitis. Other strains, transmitted by the fecal-oral route, cause lesions and disease referable to the intestine. The behavior of the virus in mouse colonies in which it is enzootic has created the impression that infections are chronic and latent, since many experimental manipulations, such as immunosuppression or infection with other agents, will precipitate acute mouse coronavirus disease. However, this is probably because most infections are subclinical, and experimental manipulations that exacerbate disease are applied coincidentally during active infection. Except in the a thy mie nude mouse, infections appear to be acute and self-limited, without viral persistence or a carrier state. Maintenance of infection in a mouse population therefore requires continual exposure of new, susceptible mice, either by introduction from outside or by breeding. If neonatal mice are brought into enzootically infected mouse rooms, they suffer high mortality, but if introduced as weanlings they usually sustain subclinical infections, which maintain the enzootic situation.
In contrast with most of the coronaviruses, the various serotypes of mouse coronavirus can be isolated and grown in any of several lines of mouse cells, the characteristic cytopathic effect being the formation of syncytia.
Since moust hepatitis virus causes acute, nonpersistent infections, control is achieved by breaking the infectious cycle by cessation of breeding or quarantine without the introduction of new mice. However, it is very difficult to prevent the reentry of virus into facilities receiving