Some of the principles discussed above are highlighted by a recent report on SARS. This coronavirus disease also evoked concern of a possible terrorist origin at the onset. A report in the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (MMWR) 14 on the "Prevalence of IgG Antibody to SARS-Associated Coronavirus in Animal Traders" discussed the need to validate and interpret tests in the appropriate populations-the IgG test, discusses its inability to date the time of the infection, and the possibility of reactivity to a near neighbor that might be unknown. In a Promed bulletin, Dr. Berger looked at the data from a different angle and reported: "This week' s study in MMWR indicates that animal contact may indeed promote infection; however, the most striking finding seems to have eluded the authors: 1.2 percent to 2.9 percent of individuals in a healthy control group of adults were also found to be seropositive! The population of Guangdong Province is 86.42 million (2001), of whom 61.14 million are adults over age 14. If we assume that the seropositivity rates among controls is representative of the province as a whole, 734,000 to 1,773,000 adults in Guangdong have at some time been infected by the SARS virus. These figures are 87-to 211-fold the total number (8,422) of SARS patients reported worldwide to date!" This is a good illustration of the need to question the methodology of acquisition of data before accepting their application in formulas or for analyses.
Yersinia pestis, the cause of plague, is a zoonotic infection which occurs in the U.S. with regularity and has an animal reservoir. This is in contrast to a case of smallpox which would raise an immediate red flag for a bioterrorist event. Cases need to be approached from an epidemiologic standpoint first to determine whether it is an "expected" case or whether the facts point to a deliberate introduction of the organism in a group of people or an individual. Analytic techniques could include genomic analysis of an isolated organism and immunological response of the host. In consideration of animal reservoirs, ELISA assays were compared with other tests for detection of plague antibody 306 MICROBIAL FORENSICS HOST FACTORS and antigen in multimammate mice (Mastomys coucha and M. natalensis). 15 They were experimentally infected and then sacrificed at daily intervals. IgG ELISA was equivalent in sensitivity to passive hemagglutination and more sensitive than the IgM ELISA and complement fixation. Antibody was detectable by day 6 after infection using all four tests. IgM ELISA titers fell to undetectable levels after 8 weeks. Plague fraction 1 antigen was detected in 16 of 34 bacteremic sera from M. coucha and M. natalensis. This shows that the principle of IgM versus IgG to this pathogen works to temporally situate the infection as early versus late or past. It also shows that when the information is combined with antigen detection, it engenders more confidence in the results.
Melioidosis is caused by Burkholderia pseudomallei. 16 It is also an example in which key clinical signs and laboratory features raise the possibility of this infection. Related studies and observations are presented here to illustrate some of the temporal issues of the host response and the need to interpret results of an assay in the appropriate clinical and geographic setting. Whether it is an acute infection, persisting one, or past infection can be determined by looking at several host responses. Often a simple indicator of infection such as erythrocyte sedimentation rate or C-reactive protein (CRP) can create clinical suspicion to begin a probe for a specific infection. In a study of 46 patients with clinical melioidosis, 35 (22 culture-positive and 13 culture-negative) had relatively uneventful disease courses. Initially they had elevated serum CRP that decreased with antibiotic therapy and returned to normal as their disease resolved. In another series of patients, IgM and IgG were measured by ELISA in 95 sera from 66 septicemic cases and 47 sera from 20 cases with localized melioidosis. 17 Sixty-five sera from culture-negative cases seronegative for other endemic infections but suspected of melioidosis were also examined. Other controls included 260 non-melioidosis cases, 169 high-exposure-risk cases, and 48 healthy individuals. The IgG-ELISA was 96% sensitive and 94% specific. All sera from cases with septicemic and localized infections and 61 of 63 sera from clinically suspected melioidosis cases were positive for IgG antibody. The sensitivity and specificity of IgM ELISA were 74% and 99%, respectively. A geometric index for IgM antibody in the sera of the melioidosis cases was significantly higher in melioidosis cases compared to that of the nonmelioidosis disease controls. Another study by some of the same authors using a rapid test also showed IgG and IgM to have clinical utility. 18 Another study with the intent of evaluating the utility of an IgG assay compared to other assays illustrates how the clinical and temporal context must be integrated for interpretation. 19 It also illustrates how there is room for improvement in tests and that the best analysis will result from an understanding of the conditions in the endemic area and utilization of samples and controls from that area. These tests were evaluated in the actual clinical setting in an area endemic for melioidosis. Specificity of specific IgG (82.5%) and specific IgM (81.8%) were