The only additional matter of principle to which I need refer concerning the onus of proof is that in a Tribunal review of an assessment it is not necessary for the Commissioner to seek to establish that the applicant's assessable income was or was at least a particular figure. As Hill J commented in Galea v Federal Commissioner of Taxation (1990) 90 ATC 5,060 at 5,067: "The fact that the Commissioner sought so to do and failed has no bearing, at the end of the day, on the question whether the applicant has discharged the onus of showing, as he is required by sec 190(b) of the Act to show, that the assessment is excessive. The Commissioner's failure to establish a positive case, if that is what he sought to do, leaves the Tribunal in no different position than it would have been in if the Commissioner had not sought at all to advance a positive case." 10 The Tribunal, necessarily, reviewed jointly the applications of Mr Vu and Mrs Duy as their cases and grounds of objection were interrelated. The primary cases put were that the money deposited in bank accounts during the relevant tax years represented capital and/or income of Mrs Duy derived by her in Vietnam prior to becoming a resident of Australia. Mrs Duy stated that she and Mr Vu subsequently carried US$550,000 and A$1,268,000 into Australia in cash in fourteen trips made by one or other of them: Reasons at , . Only two small amounts allegedly so carried ($20,605 and $17,000) were declared to Australian Customs: Reasons at . A further sum of A$513,999 was transferred from Vietnam through a Sydney-based company. I would note in passing that the Tribunal found (with considerable reservation) that this last sum was not income but represented funds of Mrs Duy prior to her arrival in Australia: Reasons at  and . 11 The Tribunal accepted that Mrs Duy may well have earned income in a range of activities in which she said she engaged in Vietnam and which on the evidence of Mrs Duy and her witnesses indicated earnings of over US$2,000,000. However, the Tribunal was not satisfied that those activities necessarily resulted in her having available to her in 1996 the equivalent of almost A$2 million.