There is no significant dispute as to the relevant legal principles of interpretation. It is clear that the claims must not be read in the abstract, but rather in their context, including existing published knowledge. What is being construed is a public instrument which must define a monopoly in such a way that it is not reasonably capable of being misunderstood: Populin v HB Nominees Pty Ltd (1982) 41 ALR 471 at 476. In Kimberly-Clark Pty Ltd v Arico Trading International Pty Limited  HCA 8 ; (2001) 207 CLR 1 at 16, the majority joint judgment noted that it is necessary to construe the complete specification in the light of the common general knowledge and the art before the priority date, allowing the Court to place itself in the position of a person reading the specification who is acquainted with the surrounding circumstances as to the state of that art and its manufacture at that time. 20 Where the language of the specification is unambiguous, a court should not readily depart from the wording of the claim by reading words into it or using stray phrases in the body of the specification in order to narrow or widen the boundaries of the monopoly fixed by the plain words of a claim. As Lord Russell of Killowen stated in Electric and Musical Industries Ltd v Lissen (1938) 56 RPC 23 at 39: 'The function of the claims is to define clearly and with precision the monopoly claimed, so that others may know the exact boundary of the area within which they will be trespassers. Their primary object is to limit and not to extend the monopoly. What is not claimed is disclaimed. The claims must undoubtedly be read as part of the entire document and not as a separate document; but the forbidden field must be found in the language of the claims and not elsewhere.' See also Kirin-Amgen Inc v Hoechst Marion Roussel Limited  UKHL 46 at  (per Lord Hoffmann); Kimberly-Clark Pty Ltd v Arico Trading International Pty Limited  HCA 8 ; (2001) 207 CLR 1 at 12; Interlego AG v Toltoys Pty Ltd  HCA 1 ; (1973) 130 CLR 461 at 479.