A court should not engage upon a determination of the merits of the case where the only outstanding claim is as to costs. See Re Minister for Immigration and Ethnic Affairs; Ex parte Lai Qin  HCA 6 ; (1997) 186 CLR 622 and One.Tel Ltd v Commissioner of Taxation  FCA 270 ; (2000) 101 FCR 548 at 552-553. Those cases also demonstrate that a court may inquire as to the reasonableness of the conduct of the parties to ascertain whether or not orders for costs should be made. Those cases would have no point if it were open to a party to ask the court to make a judgment in the very general form suggested by counsel. That in the present actions against Giant Marine, the Adsteam payments have disposed of all issues other than costs appears from the decision of the High Court in Baxter v Obacelo Pty Ltd  HCA 66 ; (2001) 205 CLR 635 per Gleeson CJ and Callinan J at , , , ,  and  and per Gummow and Hayne JJ at  and . In particular it should be noted that Gummow and Hayne JJ approved the statement of "general principle" contained in the passage cited at  from the judgment of Auld LJ in Jameson v Central Electricity Generating Board  QB 323. That general principle is: Where accord and satisfaction cannot be relied upon, as where a claimant settles with only one of two concurrent tortfeasors, the tortfeasor facing a claim will nevertheless have a defence if the plaintiff's settlement with the other has fully compensated him for the separate wrongs done to him. 18 Finally, the plaintiffs seek to distinguish Lai Qin and One.Tel upon the basis that they presently ask for summary judgment or judgment on admissions and not a trial. I see no merit in that argument. In preparing for such an application costs will be incurred by both sides. In some cases those costs may be relatively insignificant. In others they may be substantial. The policy considerations supporting the decisions to which I have referred are as relevant to these applications as they are to trials. 20 The plaintiffs submit that if they are not entitled to summary judgment they are nonetheless entitled, in claiming costs, to seek to demonstrate that they would probably have won had the actions gone to judgment. They rely on the same matters as they rely upon in connection with the summary judgment application plus some aspects of the evidence filed in anticipation of a trial. Their position seems to be that Giant Marine ought to have responded to that evidence, and that its failure to do so demonstrates that their evidence ought to be accepted. There is an incongruity between such an approach and the decisions in Lai Qin and One.Tel to which I have previously referred. If the parties are to call and cross-examine witnesses, then the process starts to look very much like a trial on the merits for the sole purpose of deciding questions of costs. The plaintiffs' approach also ignores the possibility that even in the absence of contrary evidence, their evidence may have been discredited in cross-examination.