The relevant question for the tribunal was whether there was a reasonable hypothesis that Mr Gilkinson's shift work during the period of his operational service prior to the diagnosis of obesity in June 1971 contributed causally to his being obese at this time. The fact that prior to his operational service Mr Gilkinson may have been well on the way to that physical state, did not mean that when he arrived there his obesity had not arisen out of or been attributable to his operational service at all. The tribunal made findings which dealt with only three of the four factors mentioned by Dr Volker. It gave no reasons why, despite her opinion and her references to literature supporting the theory, shift work could not have contributed to Mr Gilkerson's obesity which first occurred during his operational service: Repatriation Commission v Tuite  FCA 39 ; (1993) 39 FCR 540 at 542 per Davies J. As Burchett and Einfeld JJ said in Tuite 39 FCR at 545: "It is true that not everything which occurs while a man is in camp is attributable to his war service. But here the circumstances and incidents of camp life were plainly capable of having a causal influence upon the respondent's decision to take up smoking, and upon his continuance in the habit until the inevitable onset of nicotinic addiction." (emphasis added) 20 Burchett and Einfeld JJ thus found that it was open to the tribunal in that case to conclude that a consequence of camp life is a consequence of war service. Likewise, here it was open to the tribunal to find that a consequence of Mr Gilkinson continuing with shift work during operational service was the onset of obesity. The hypothesis put forward by Dr Volker and the undisputed fact that Mr Gilkinson was undertaking shift work, had been raised before the tribunal. But, the tribunal did not expressly consider in its reasons the impact of shift work either alone or in combination with Mr Glkinson's eating to excess and not exercising sufficiently. All it did was to assert that "nothing that occurred during his operational service" prior to the assumed onset of sleep apnoea "in any way caused or contributed to his obesity over and above the existing fact that  was eating to excess and not exercising sufficiently". 21 Mr Gilkinson actually became obese during his operational service, notwithstanding that before that time he was well on the way to being obese. Dr Volker's hypothesis was that the shift work itself that Mr Gilkinson was undertaking during operational service, contributed to his being obese. This issue was like the veteran's having continued to smoke in Tuite 39 FCR at 545 amounting to a matter that the tribunal could conclude was a contributing factor to the veteran's addiction to nicotine. However, the tribunal did not consider or make any finding relating to whether Mr Gilkinson's obesity arose out of or was attributable to the shift work he engaged in on operational service.