On 30 March 2001, Mrs Codd made a third claim for a war widow's pension under the Repatriation Act. A delegate of the Commission decided that the veteran's death was not war-caused. On 10 October 2002, the VRB affirmed the Commission's decision that the death of the veteran was not war-caused. On 19 December 2002, pursuant to s 175 of the VE Act , Mrs Codd applied to the Tribunal for review of the VRB's decision of 10 October 2002. On 20 August 2004, the Tribunal decided that the death of the veteran was war-caused. On 30 June 2005, the Federal Court allowed an appeal by the Commission from the decision of the Tribunal, on the basis that material before the Tribunal could not support the Tribunal's diagnosis of generalised anxiety disorder ("GAD") and that if the veteran had been suffering from GAD, the Tribunal had failed to consider whether a hypothesis of connection between that disease and the veteran's operational service was upheld by the relevant Statement of Principles ("SoP"): Repatriation Commission v Codd  FCA 888 at  -  and . The Court remitted the matter to the Tribunal to be heard and determined according to law. 8 On 24 October 2006, the Tribunal decided again, on different grounds, that the death of the veteran was war-caused. On 20 November 2006, the Commission appealed from the Tribunal's decision. It is the Tribunal's decision of 24 October 2006 which is the subject of this appeal. 9 Section 13(1) of the VE Act renders the Commonwealth liable to pay a pension to the dependents of a veteran whose death was war-caused. Section 8(1) of the VE Act sets out the circumstances in which a veteran's death is taken to be war-caused. They include if: "(b) the death of the veteran arose out of, or was attributable to , any eligible war service rendered by the veteran; ... (d) in the opinion of the Commission, the death of the veteran was due to an accident that would not have occurred, or to a disease that would not have been contracted, but for his or her having rendered eligible war service or but for changes in the veteran's environment consequent upon his or her having rendered eligible war service; ..." (Emphasis added.)