As was pointed out in Solomons v District Court of New South Wales  HCA 47 ; (2002) 211 CLR 119 at  , s 79 is couched in mandatory terms. The section is addressed to courts exercising federal jurisdiction and is limited to cases to which the State or Territory laws in question are applicable ( Solomons at ). 6 It is, as McHugh J observed in Solomons at , a long recognised rule of statutory construction that a reference to courts, matters, things and persons in the legislation of a State (or Territory) is a reference to courts, matters, things and persons in that State (or Territory). Statutory provisions can be "picked up" by s 79 even though they are expressed in terms applying specifically to State or Territory courts ( Australian Securities and Investments Commission v Edensor Nominees Pty Ltd  HCA 1 ; (2001) 204 CLR 559 at  per Gleeson CJ, Gaudron and Gummow JJ citing Kruger v The Commonwealth  HCA 27 ; (1997) 190 CLR 1 at 140 per Gaudron J; Solomons at  per McHugh J). There may also be statutory provisions couched in terms which make it impossible for them to be "picked up" ( Edensor at - per Gleeson CJ, Gaudron and Gummow JJ; Solomons at  per Gleeson CJ, Gaudron, Gummow, Hayne and Callinan JJ). 7 A court exercising federal jurisdiction has no jurisdiction to apply an Act which, upon its proper construction, applies only to State matters ( Solomons at  per McHugh J). Justice McHugh commented in Edensor at  and affirmed in Solomons at  that it is not the literal interpretation of a State Act that determines whether it is applied in Federal Courts but the substance of the Act. The nature of some State and Territory statutes may make them inapplicable to proceedings in the federal jurisdiction. 17 In neither the constitutional challenge nor the substantive proceedings is the Court called upon to interpret or apply a Territory law, but laws of the Commonwealth. Section 79 of the Judiciary Act does not change the meaning of the State or Territory Act that is "picked up", nor does it operate to give a State or Territory law a new or extended meaning when it is made applicable in federal jurisdiction ( Edensor at  per McHugh J; Solomons at  per McHugh J). For these reasons, s 79 of the Judiciary Act does not operate to make s 21(1) of the Human Rights Act applicable to the present proceedings, which involve the application and interpretation of Commonwealth, not Territory, laws.