there is no requirement imposed upon the Tribunal to afford a party any opportunity to comment upon proposed findings that it may make: WAGU v Minister for Immigration and Multicultural and Indigenous Affairs  FCA 912 per French J, as His Honour then was, at . There is no such obligation imposed by the common law: Scorgie v Minister for Immigration and Citizenship  FCA 2046 , 47 AAR 314 , applying F Hoffman-La Roche &amp; Company AG v Secretary of State for Trade and Industry  AC 295 at 369 per Diplock LJ. Nor does " information " for the purposes of s 424A " encompass the Tribunal's subjective appraisals, thought processes or determinations ": SZEEU , supra , at . In SZBYR , supra , Gleeson CJ, Gummow, Callinan, Heydon and Crennan JJ observed (citations omitted):  ... if the reason why the Tribunal affirmed the decision under review was the Tribunal's disbelief of the appellants' evidence arising from inconsistencies therein, it is difficult to see how such disbelief could be characterised as constituting "information" within the meaning of par (a) of s 424A(1). Again, if the Tribunal affirmed the decision because even the best view of the appellants' evidence failed to disclose a Convention nexus, it is hard to see how such a failure can constitute "information". Finn and Stone JJ correctly observed in VAF v Minister for Immigration and Multicultural and Indigenous Affairs that the word "information": does not encompass the tribunal's subjective appraisals, thought processes or determinations ... nor does it extend to identified gaps, defects or lack of detail or specificity in evidence or to conclusions arrived at by the tribunal in weighing up the evidence by reference to those gaps, etc. If the contrary were true, s 424A would in effect oblige the Tribunal to give advance written notice not merely of its reasons but of each step in its prospective reasoning process. However broadly "information" be defined, its meaning in this context is related to the existence of evidentiary material or documentation, not the existence of doubts, inconsistencies or the absence of evidence. The appellants were thus correct to concede that the relevant "information" was not to be found in inconsistencies or disbelief, as opposed to the text of the statutory declaration itself. See also Minister for Immigration and Citizenship v SZMOK  FCAFC 83 at  per Emmett, Kenny and Jacobson JJ; SZIWL v Minister for Immigration and Citizenship  FCA 1260 at  to  per Siopis J.